this dude is bad and he ain't just
flying he's super fly
yeah super fly when it comes to women
they come to him but it's still not
enough he wants a big school a million
in care yeah the big word this is a
chance and I want to take it now we'll
have to kill somebody before somebody
Isis me what gun I'm gonna be talking
about that luncheon I won't get stopped
working
but now then I took all this chance for
nothing and I go back to Thea nothing
look at some job job for chump change
day after day because that's all I'm
supposed to do then they don't have to
kill me Cozad enough I not clean bad
machine super cool super be feeling good
and super flat give us man secret stash
every brain baddest [ __ ] in the pad
from you pushing me
hey [ __ ] get a Superfly Harlem dude beat
the system he's got a plan to stick it
to the man he's super good super high
super dude super fly